Improve documentation in reference to CUDA local memory (#7329)
numba/numba: docs/source/cuda/memory.rst

Local memory
============

Local memory is an area of memory private to each thread.  Using local memory
helps reserve some scratchpad area to variables when scalar local variables are
not enough.  The memory is allocated once for the duration of the kernel, unlike
traditional dynamic memory management.

.. function:: numba.cuda.local.array(shape, type)
   :noindex:

   Create a variable representing a local array of the given *shape* and *type*
   on the device that corresponds to a chunk of statically defined memory.
   *shape* is either an integer or a tuple of integers representing the array's
   dimensions and must be a simple constant expression. *type* is a :ref:`Numba
   type <numba-types>` of the elements needing to be stored in the array. The
   array is private to the current thread. An array-like object is returned
   which can be read and written to like any standard array (e.g. through

>    indexing). See also the Local Memory section of `Device Memory Accesses
>    <https://docs.nvidia.com/cuda/cuda-c-programming-guide/index.html#device-memory-accesses>`_

Reviewer: This could be rendered using the `seealso` directive to make it stand out a little more clearly, e.g.:

```suggestion
   indexing).

   .. seealso:: The Local Memory section of `Device Memory Accesses
      <https://docs.nvidia.com/cuda/cuda-c-programming-guide/index.html#device-memory-accesses>`_
      in the CUDA programming guide.
```
